# Shops
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JamieOlivetreeClothesShop.ShopOpen(); - Jamie Olivetree

global/ShopManager/Episode1/QC2123_FashionWeekQuest.ShopOpen(); - Fashion Week

global/ShopManager/Episode1/RockShop.ShopOpen(); - Rock Shop 1
global/ShopManager/Episode1/RockShop2.ShopOpen(); - Rock Shop 2

global/ShopManager/Episode1/MasqueradeShop.ShopOpen(); - Masquerade Shop

global/ShopManager/Episode1/EquestrianFestival_Premium_FestiveEquestrian.ShopOpen(); - Equestrian Festival

global/ShopManager/Episode1/CafeShop_Cafe.ShopOpen(); - Café

global/ShopManager/Episode1/CafeShop_Restaurant.ShopOpen(); - Restaurant

global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandBridgeShopNails.ShopOpen(); - Nails for MB
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandBridgeShopPlank.ShopOpen(); - Planks for MB
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandBridgeShopFogmassa.ShopOpen(); - Caulking for MB
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandBridgeShopCement.ShopOpen(); - Cement for MB

global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthhoofBridgeShopPolesKeeper.ShopOpen(); - Poles for SB
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthhoofBridgeShopPlankKeeper.ShopOpen(); - Planks for SB
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthhoofBridgeShopCementKeeper.ShopOpen(); - Cement for SB

global/ShopManager/Episode1/GenericHorseUtilitiesShop.ShopOpen(); - Horse Food

global/ShopManager/Episode1/CrescentVillageClothes.ShopOpen(); - Crescent Village Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/CrescentVillageGear.ShopOpen(); - CV Gear

global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestGear.ShopOpen(); - New Hillcrest Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestHelmetsGloves.ShopOpen(); - NH Helmets n Gloves
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestShoes.ShopOpen(); - NH Shoes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestHorseAccessories.ShopOpen(); - NH Accessories

global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestStarshop.ShopOpen(); - NH Clothes n Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewHillcrestTopsPants.ShopOpen(); - NH Tops n Pants

global/ShopManager/Episode1/GoldspurStarShop.ShopOpen(); - Goldspur Clothes n Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MagicChristmasMarketShop_A.ShopOpen(); - Christmas Market
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MagicChristmasMarketShop_Costumes.ShopOpen(); - Christmas Costumes

global/ShopManager/Episode1/SJGEDStar.ShopOpen(); - GED Clothes n Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimStarShop.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Clothes n Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/Jarlaheim_IberianStore.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Iberian Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimClothesShop1.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimGearShop1.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimHorseDecoration.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Horse Decorations
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimGlassesShop.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Glasses
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimBagshop.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Bags
global/ShopManager/Episode1/CafeShop_IceCream.ShopOpen(); - Ice Cream Café


global/ShopManager/Episode1/HarvestCountyFishhingStore.ShopOpen(); - HV Fishing Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/PaddockIslandStarShop.ShopOpen(); - PI Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/WolfHellInnStarShop.ShopOpen(); - Wolf Hall Inn Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthHoofClothesShop.ShopOpen(); - South Hoof Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthHoofGearShop.ShopOpen(); - SH Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SouthHoofOtherShop.ShopOpen(); - SH Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/KallternasShop_Faction.ShopOpen(); - Kallterns Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NickStonegroundCampStarShop.ShopOpen(); - Nick Stoneground Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MegaClothesShop.ShopOpen(); - Mega Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MegaGearShop.ShopOpen(); - Mega Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MegaHorseDecorationShop.ShopOpen(); - Mega Horse Decorations
global/ShopManager/Episode1/NewLifetimeShop.ShopOpen(); - Clothes, Gear and a Pet
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MallCostumeShop_Costumes.ShopOpen(); - Jorvik Mall Costumes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MallCostumeShop_HorseGear.ShopOpen(); - Jorvik Mall Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/BulldogzStore_Faction.ShopOpen(); - Bulldogz Outfit
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SilvergladeVillageShop1_Clothes.ShopOpen(); - SV Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SilvergladeVillageShop1_Gear.ShopOpen(); - SV Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SilvergladeVillageShop2_Faction.ShopOpen(); - SV Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPintaShop_Clothes.ShopOpen(); - FP Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPintaShop_Gear.ShopOpen(); - FP Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPintaShop_Faction.ShopOpen(); - FP Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FirgroveShop_Clothes.ShopOpen(); - FG Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FirgroveShop_Gear.ShopOpen(); - FG Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FirgroveShop_Faction.ShopOpen(); - FG Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/Firgrove_Bags.ShopOpen(); - FG Bags
global/ShopManager/Episode1/BobCatStore_Faction.ShopOpen(); - Bobcats Outfit
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandStablesShop_Faction.ShopOpen(); - Moorland Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandStablesShop_Gear.ShopOpen(); - Moorland Gear
global/ShopManager/Episode1/MoorlandStablesShop_Clothes.ShopOpen(); - Moorland Clothes
global/ShopManager/Episode1/SkyeClothingShop.ShopOpen(); - Skye Shop





global/ShopManager/Episode1/ObservatoryStore.ShopOpen(); - Observatory Shop
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FV_FishingTool.ShopOpen(); - Fishing Clothes


global/ShopManager/Episode1/JorvikStableStar1.ShopOpen(); - Jorvik Stables Clothes n Gear


# Pets
global/ShopManager/Episode1/Goldspur_WalkingPetSquirrelShop.ShopOpen(); - Squirrels
global/ShopManager/Episode1/WinterVillage_Pets.ShopOpen(); - Christmas Pets
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JamieOlivetreePetShop.ShopOpen(); - JO Pets
global/ShopManager/Episode1/JarlaheimPetStore.ShopOpen(); - Jarlaheim Pets
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPintaPetStore.ShopOpen(); - FP Pets
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPinta_Pet_New.ShopOpen(); - FP Pets New
global/ShopManager/Episode1/FortPinta_SeagullShop.ShopOpen(); - Seagulls
global/ShopManager/Episode1/Firgrove_Pets.ShopOpen(); - Firgrove Squirrels


